io/spring/application/tag/TagsQueryServiceTest.java
 io.spring.application.tag.TagsQueryServiceTest
io/spring/infrastructure/article/ArticleRepositoryTransactionTest.java
 io.spring.infrastructure.article.ArticleRepositoryTransactionTest
io/spring/api/UsersApiTest.java
 io.spring.api.UsersApiTest
 io.spring.api.UsersApiTest$1
 io.spring.api.UsersApiTest$1$1
 io.spring.api.UsersApiTest$2
 io.spring.api.UsersApiTest$2$1
 io.spring.api.UsersApiTest$3
 io.spring.api.UsersApiTest$3$1
io/spring/infrastructure/article/MyBatisArticleRepositoryTest.java
 io.spring.infrastructure.article.MyBatisArticleRepositoryTest
io/spring/application/article/ArticleQueryServiceTest.java
 io.spring.application.article.ArticleQueryServiceTest
io/spring/RealworldApplicationTests.java
 io.spring.RealworldApplicationTests
io/spring/infrastructure/comment/MyBatisCommentRepositoryTest.java
 io.spring.infrastructure.comment.MyBatisCommentRepositoryTest
io/spring/api/TestWithCurrentUser.java
 io.spring.api.TestWithCurrentUser
io/spring/api/CurrentUserApiTest.java
 io.spring.api.CurrentUserApiTest
 io.spring.api.CurrentUserApiTest$1
 io.spring.api.CurrentUserApiTest$1$1
 io.spring.api.CurrentUserApiTest$2
 io.spring.api.CurrentUserApiTest$2$1
 io.spring.api.CurrentUserApiTest$3
io/spring/api/ArticleApiTest.java
 io.spring.api.ArticleApiTest
 io.spring.api.ArticleApiTest$1
 io.spring.api.ArticleApiTest$1$1
io/spring/TestHelper.java
 io.spring.TestHelper
io/spring/core/article/ArticleTest.java
 io.spring.core.article.ArticleTest
io/spring/application/comment/CommentQueryServiceTest.java
 io.spring.application.comment.CommentQueryServiceTest
io/spring/infrastructure/user/MyBatisUserRepositoryTest.java
 io.spring.infrastructure.user.MyBatisUserRepositoryTest
io/spring/infrastructure/service/DefaultJwtServiceTest.java
 io.spring.infrastructure.service.DefaultJwtServiceTest
io/spring/infrastructure/DbTestBase.java
 io.spring.infrastructure.DbTestBase
io/spring/application/profile/ProfileQueryServiceTest.java
 io.spring.application.profile.ProfileQueryServiceTest
io/spring/api/ArticleFavoriteApiTest.java
 io.spring.api.ArticleFavoriteApiTest
io/spring/api/ArticlesApiTest.java
 io.spring.api.ArticlesApiTest
 io.spring.api.ArticlesApiTest$1
 io.spring.api.ArticlesApiTest$1$1
io/spring/api/CommentsApiTest.java
 io.spring.api.CommentsApiTest
 io.spring.api.CommentsApiTest$1
 io.spring.api.CommentsApiTest$1$1
 io.spring.api.CommentsApiTest$2
 io.spring.api.CommentsApiTest$2$1
io/spring/infrastructure/favorite/MyBatisArticleFavoriteRepositoryTest.java
 io.spring.infrastructure.favorite.MyBatisArticleFavoriteRepositoryTest
io/spring/api/ListArticleApiTest.java
 io.spring.api.ListArticleApiTest
io/spring/api/ProfileApiTest.java
 io.spring.api.ProfileApiTest
